Update pi.md (#3481)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/servo/pi.md

| `starting_position_degs` | float | Optional | Starting position of the servo in degrees. <br> Default = `0.0` <br> Range = [`0.0`, `180.0`] |
| `hold_position` | boolean | Optional | If `false`, power down a servo if it has tried and failed to go to a position for a duration of 500 milliseconds. <br> Default = `true` |
| `max_rotation_deg` | int | Optional | The maximum angle that you know your servo can possibly rotate to, according to its hardware. Refer to your servo's data sheet for clarification. Must be greater than or equal to the value you set for `max`. <br> Default = `180` |

> | `frequency_hz` | int | Optional | Servo refresh rate control value. Using this value you can control at more granular frequencies. Refere to your servo's data sheet for optimal operating frequency and operating rotation range. Default: 50hz |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `frequency_hz` | int | Optional | Servo refresh rate control value. Use this value to control the servo at more granular frequencies. Refer to your servo's data sheet for optimal operating frequency and operating rotation range. Default: `50` |
```
